Roger yoga is one of the four yoga's and
it deals with mind control and
meditation
it was systematized somewhere between
the fourth century BCE and the 4th
century CE II by the great rishi
Patanjali and essentially it's a
psychology of mind whereby we can change
ourselves stop the afflictions of the
mind by understanding the mind and using
certain technologies and techniques to
overhaul the mind calm the mind
and transcend the mind it's a very very
practical contribution to the West it
has a very different paradigm of what
the mind is for example in the East we
recognize that we have a mind but we are
not the mind which gives us a tremendous
amount of freedom to know that these
thoughts that were so attached to we can
really objectify and by calming those
desires the afflictions the thoughts
that race through our mind we can then
begin to perceive that consciousness of
which the mind only reflects and so in
undergoing this process of Raja yoga we
not only calm the mind but we can also
attain our true self which is the Atman
the Purusha within